Log entry05
14-Jan-2020

14/01/2020
Happy New Year!

Con't finalizing the graphics - the sprites were pretty much done around Christmas time but I still wanted to finalize the bg tiles - the org candy and bonus tiles were HUGE and disproportionate to the lil' Candy Kid sprite - I got the scales from the org game and redid the graphics... still not finalized e.g. death candy

Updated the board from 12x12 to 14x14 to encapsulate the 2x extra rows / cols around the 10x10 maze for the exits and to help with the Candy Mama AI logic to determine which tile to target when attack

I swapped the tree and candy numbers in the levels because I want to align the score points that will be stored in a contiguous array and the org layout of trees as '2' wrecks this

I also made great progress on the SRAM.  I got my devkit version working over Xmas and now have started extending this to persist the board tree + exit types

I have do ALOT of work on the command pattern.  From investigating command Mgr vs. event Mgr I have gone with Command Mgr because I think that I would like to do the undo() method to get action replay esp. when complete the level I always thought this would be a cool feature to have in the original game but never did... 
I have started to combine recording the commands and saving them to SRAM.  I want to do this first so I can write a program that opens a save file and auto creates the arrays required for playback session so could be used for debugging...


TODO list for tomorrow:
TODO tomorrow
89_commands prog
Run the record screen to get the game save
Then run the intro screen but read all the data back and print out
Finally refactor so that the first 2x properties are bytes and the second 2x are ints
Re-test to ensure that everything is OK
Update the undo code to pass thru the arguments as this is currently TODO
Finalize this code so I can actually write program to auto gen arrays from the game save
and can cut this back into playback screen
Need to actually start testing the individual commands that I will execute and undo
Want to re-integrate that code that hides the player sprite when in the exits
Want to separate int for args into 2x bytes to store ind. bytes side by side