Log entry06
31-Jan-2020

18/01/2020
Working hard on the command pattern during last week.  Had mammoth night Wed, 15th Jan with the following
E:\GitHub\StevePro7\CandyKidSMSgraphics\GraphicsDraw\90_commandSMS\dev

outputTEST	before and after I ran the same code on the SMS hardware and worked OK
outputPLAY	ditto but instead of text I actually moved CandyKid

the thing is that the version only allows for 256 frames of action [0-255] assuming all commands occur here
So I wanted to have a way to store more so what I decided was to only have max 32 commands
therefore I could leverage the top 3x bits of the command_type and use this as frame banks
i.e. could have 8x frame banks

I cut branh for this: BankFrames esp. just in case would not work
I spent rest of week prototyping this and while porting the old code to this new mechanism all was going well
esp. in F5 debug step thru code but once I wired this up and ran thru the emulator it DID NOT WORK!!

WTF?
I did some debugging Fri, 17th Jan and had to resort to the echo style print statements in game to understand what was going on
Weird thing was when I print out data it worked i.e. the commands worked but if took print statements out it didn't... huh?
What was going on?
After stepping thru print statements I gathered that the input data of this function was a long [old version was an int]
but either way NOT unsigned char

Therefore, I got the command manager and change the type that stored the following as an int
an_command = shift_bank | command_type;

Now it worked OK - Phew!  For a moment I thought the whole project would have to be scrapped...!!
The final thing that needs to be done here is to stress test to ensure all 8x frame banks work
and if I store 256 commands and save them out to memory then all 256 commands would play back


This weekend I integrated the boss manager sprites into the game loading them via banking
I also ported the audio manager from Platform Explorer when was quick and painless
although I actually need music + sound


Also - I was checking out the banking and actually doing the maths - all the 100 levels could fit into one bank
e.g. bank2


24/01/2020
Back from couple days off in SFO - managed to complete bg tiles
begin to integrate all current prototypes into this repo
Pretty much done all the commands patterns in the last 2wks stress testing 2048 frames using banks