Log entry08

01-Mar-2020
I have been so busy working on game play features that I had really documented much in the last 3-4wks!!

Thu, 27th Feb I took an Annual Leave day off work as I really wanted to get the layout screens done
[Load], Init, Ready, [Play], Dead, Cont, Over

but I was "sidetracked" because during game play I noticed some performance issues during game play
I found that printing score constantly wasn't great but was exacerbated by the fact that score is long
data type so I revert back to int [2bytes] and that helped a lot.
Problem is I need to think my point scoring system as the max would be 65535 - oh well

But there was noticeable impact on music each frame esp. on Attack mode; Scatter mode OK
At first I thought there was an issue with the attack algorithms esp. Suz as she was the most complicated
so I spent a bunch of time trying to create a more optimal attack algorithm and seemed to make some 
progress in the sense that things "seemed" a bit better - a slight notice in music perf but not as bad


Today I did the gamer boost
Fast forward to tonight and this really noticeable esp. on Attack when ghosts speed fast
so I thought adding the boost causing the problem
Didn't seem so bad on 2x mamas but 3x really bad esp. on fast

The most noticeable massive drop in perf was in corner and Kid trying to do "thru" avoid tree on border
I thought there was an overflow on calculation or something but then I think that I worked out the issue:
When you are next to avoid tree and try to move and it blocks you then gamer direction = none

and on Attack mode the Mamas use Kid direction to help determine so if is none [above] 
then I choose random direction - and isn't there a while loop or multiplication thing
rand() % 4
0, 1, 2, 3
and then loop to get 2 to the power or 0, 1, 2, 3 i.e. 1, 2, 4, 8 to calc direction U, D, L, R


CORRECT
it was the rand() function on the this method
engine_move_manager_actor_direction()

which I thought was used for both Adi and Suz but was only Adi
either way I am not going to use this because there is significant + noticeable perf improvement

NB:
I had a similar experience with Platform Explorer with the built-in Abs() function!!


01/03/2020
Implement the Kid boost late Sun night but only before moving tiles... works but can't move and boost half way across tile...!
but at least all the functionality of the main loop is complete with good perf

02/03/2020
Mon morning and I extended the boost to kick in mid way if you want... if you hold down then will keep boosting and if you don't move won't subtract boost value so all good... had to re-arrange the code for all this to work but one good side effect is you don't get stung for boost in exit if you don't want 'cos you can boost into exit and the next 4x auto moves you can let go of fire1 and go at "normal" speed and not pay for 4x units boost


03/03/2020
Follow up: thought I had cracked this but found one bottle neck that if C/Mama went at top speed [4,1] and Kid tried to pass blocking avoid tree then the music / perf would degrade... this is same in Platform Explorer and I thought to have idea to calculate block once and cache in variable and if don't move and try again then read the value from cache
Turns out that I didn't implement this because the Mamas will go top speed [2,1] and the music seems to be OK

04/03/2020
I am running out of ROM...!!  Still - up to 0x7000 after adding final screen placeholders so I need to use fixed bank more
I decide to refactor and put static into fixedbank